Doctor
Why is he here at this time?
Don't give him a chance to speak
Otherwise the system is cleared
No money to pay rent in personal account
Sun Qian, this gold digger, is definitely not finished with me
Yo Nian Dog is really capable
So quickly found the new beauty will lick the object
I said sister
He's a poor loser
Being with him is poverty alleviation
Miss Tu What?
Who are you to him?
I'm his landlord.
Just this poor company
Since it's just a landlord
Then what does it have to do with you whether I am poverty alleviation or not?
Good poverty alleviation
Lie boys want to die, you can do whatever you want
Simp is capable
Lick Siyu and lick others halfway through
You are not afraid that I will tell Siyu
The mouth grows on you, love to talk or not
It's been a long time
So capable, pay me the rent and get out of here
How much 50,000
Damn simp watch me squeeze dry today
No cash on hand
WeChat will be transferred to you.
filing head of household
The object of kneeling and licking is to dispel and refuse to accept simp consumption.
Personal account 500,000 temporarily frozen and unusable
Determine the object of kneeling and licking, cancel and return the consumption.
To solve the equation
Fuck the dog and do drugs?
Why is there no quota?
I still want to be simp
You can't even afford a stray dog
I'm not paying the rent today
I won't send you to the vigilante
I take your last name